I am a partner of the Grain Group
Why are you here with me?
What do you mean?
partner
Why does Grain Group want to cooperate with you?
You dug up antiques in the mine
And my He family has mastered important resources for identification
That the industry has the voice over
Mr. Liang naturally asked me to come and help identify it
priceless appraisal
I'm afraid it's not that simple
Say what you want.
Mr. Ye is not good. Something happened in the mine.
What's wrong?
The workers started fighting
Casualties
And those antiques
What else was stolen by a few workers?
Boss Yuan
How is the world?
Two workers died
The antique thief escaped without a trace
And this is the reality.
They were very familiar with the surveillance blind spot.
You can't find anything if you don't get far
This batch of antiques was stolen
Absolutely no police
What Mr. Liang dug up in this mine is a cultural relic
It's stolen now.
Stronger than grain